{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.18362}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 Mission Overview\par
 \par
Mission assignment will be handled by the leader of the village with their own verbs. They also have verbs to make a character of B- or higher a \lquote Mission Broker\rquote  allowing them to also take charge of missions but unable to make \lquote Pass-Down Missions\rquote .\par
 \par
ICLY a courier will arrive every Friday and give a set of missions to the House from Don\rquote Yoku City. This is done Friday because most people will be available on the Weekends to do missions and such, and missions that are left over can be given throughout the week if any are left over. A character will have a 2-day cooldown after a mission and it\rquote ll be called \lquote Mission Fatigue\rquote . Higher Ranked Missions will have more (maybe).\par
 \par
On the verb for a leader\rquote s missions, they will have the categories Available, Pending, and Assigned.\par
 \par
Available will be the missions available for them to assign a squad to, and they will only see their own available missions. In the Mission Displayer they will be able to see everyone from their village along with various things they wrote down about them. It is up to the leader to take note of their people\rquote s abilities, likes, dislikes and what not but the only thing that will automatically display for them is their Rank, and their OOC schedule. The character can write down things like \ldblquote I\rquote m available Mon-Fri at 3pm to 12am, and available throughout the weekend\rdblquote  and have the ability to change this freely as their schedule changes. The leader will designate a date and a time for the mission and set whether this is negotiable for the other squad. Once a leader assigns them to a mission, they will be alerted to check their \lquote Mission\rquote  tab and either accept the terms of the mission or deny them.  After all members have accepted the mission will move to pending.\par
 \par
Pending will be missions that are available to assign a squad to, and are basically squads looking for either another squad to go against, an event who will play the EC\rquote s, and the eventmin who will run it. If the eventmin is playing the EC\rquote s he will typically do both that and run it. Here you are able to ask for time/date changes in case the squad you want to send has a different time frame and it is up to the leader of the pending squad to accept or decline. He can simply change it and it will unready each of the squad members, ping them again, and have them look at it- if it is a problem they make speak up and if not, they are able to accept once again. To refrain from every house attempting to sign up for one mission, missions will be decided which 2 houses it will be against before being delivered by courier. If a mission is taking too long to find suitable people from the other side a leader can choose to make it open, this will make it so that any house can put a squad and is first come first serve. This typically is only allowed when a week has passed and the mission still isn\rquote t scheduled.\par
 \par
 \par
 \par
Assigned will be missioned that are completely done being scheduled and set up, they have an eventmin to run them, and two squads if need be. These missions are ready to go and the squads are simply waiting for the date of the mission to go on them. Once the mission is completed it will move into a separate list of Completed missions that will have a mark for Success or Failure.\par
 \par
 \par
Comment will allow a character to comment under the mission if they need to say anything to the leader and they aren\rquote t able to be found readily. They can communicate if something has come up and they need to be replaced, or if they are not able to make the mission and wanted to see if they could reschedule.\par
 \par
 \par
A character can always be removed and exchanged from a mission up until 1 day before the mission, this is when it is locked in and can no longer be changed. If scheduling a mission for the same day or a day after the characters should be certain they will be on and free around that time. Missions have a 1-hour grace period for starting and the side that is having trouble will fail if they are unable to produce a proper squad in time.\par
 \par
 \par
There will be 3 different ways a mission can be made. Schedule, Pass-Down, and Event.\par
 \par
 \par
Schedule missions will be missions that are properly scheduled through the verbs the leader or mission broker has. These missions give the most time and set up and will give information about the contents of the mission itself, letting those who are assigned to it view it and prepare themselves properly, they can even scout the area if they would like to see the terrain and what advantages they can gain on the map, although they will not know the exact location the fight will take place.\par
 \par
 \par
Pass-down missions are missions that are passed directly down from the leaders, and rather than any set-up or eventmin help these missions are strictly IC. Meaning the character will have to travel to the destination, complete what was assigned of them, and make their way back. These missions usually are ones that benefit the House or the leaders directly in some form of fashion. Pass-down missions can be applied for through the mission verbs by the leader and they can either announce it for volunteers and pick their own people to go on it secretly. Although these missions are lacking in reward, they heavily influence the house and are great for log checks due to their nature of being IC.\par
 \par
Event missions are missions that an admin may announce to the server and are first come first serve. Little is announced in terms of mission information but these missions will follow general rules. These are for eventmin who want to host a mission on the fly and these can even be requested by a character if they have a squad, want to go on a mission, and have not been assigned one by their leader. An eventmin is not forced to do these for anyone, as they are not slaves, but they will get brownie points for them.\par
 \par
 \par
Each mission will have a mission type that shows exactly what the mission will be\par
 \par
Conflict missions will always be player vs. player squad. Event characters can still be in these missions\par
 \par
Control missions will always be players vs event characters.\par
 \par
Story missions are missions specific to a certain story, either a relic for a clan, or a character's personal story and usually will be handled outside of Kage.\par
 \par
Ritual/Rite\rquote s are event type missions that will be done on the weekends when the most free time is available. They will consist of big events or tiny war like events, with the winning house gaining something.\par
 \par
 \par
 \par
Other than these missions are either lethal or non-lethal.\par
 \par
Lethal missions meaning a character can be permanently injured or killed. On a normal mission, only 1 person for each side can be killed in a single mission but some happenings void this rule.\par
 \par
Non-Lethal missions mean the worst a character can come home with is an injury. A character taking damage that would normally kill him will instead result in a KO and an injury if the other character wills it so.\par
 \par
 \par
 \par
Mission will be ranked from D to S\par
 \par
D Rank Mission \f1\endash  A D-rank mission is extremely simple with easy to follow objectives such as \lquote Gather the materials\rquote  or \lquote Defend this area\rquote . These missions are usually left up to which squad wins or if the squad can defeat the EC.\par
 \par
 \par
C Rank Mission \endash  A C-rank mission is still simply, but slightly more complex then a C-rank. It can sometimes have it\rquote s objectives challenged and need a character to think quickly to complete the mission. These missions aren\rquote t as simple as defeating another squad every time.\par
 \par
 \par
B Rank Mission \endash  A B-rank mission is complex, and can have many layers to its overall objective. These missions can have If A, then B situations which can change the objective on the fly. These missions can sometimes be complete without fighting at all, but will always be hard to complete in general.\par
 \par
A Rank Mission \endash  An A-rank Mission is extremely complex and has many outcomes, due to its nature and danger it is left for the more experienced and well tested Shinobi. The objective of these missions could take a complete 180 at any point and sometimes these missions can be assigned to a 5-man squad.\par
 \par
 \par
S Rank Missions \endash  A S-rank mission is the hardest of all to complete, and the objective is above all else. These missions are hard to complete due to the impossible nature of them, unless the Shinobi sent are masters of the art. These missions are so complex they can even be assigned to 1 person instead of a squad.\par
 \par
 \par
 \par
Missions will have a rewarded Ryo; a static amount will go to each member of the squad and the rest will go into the treasury. A leader can always alter the percent of pay vs. treasury to their liking but the lowest it can go is 20% on either side. Other rewards will always go into the treasury inventory and is up to the leader or assigned \lquote Treasurer\rquote  to utilize these items or give them out to Shinobi among their ranks.\par
 \par
 \par
 \par
Village Mission Points (VMP)\par
 \par
VMP are a system that grants a village points for the amount of missions they are successful at, being more successful getting them more attention from people outside of the Don\rquote Yoku and possibly granting them better missions along with various other things the leader is able to purchase with the points. Every mission gives them points based on the Rank.\par
 \par
D = 2\par
C = 4\par
B = 8\par
A = 16\par
S = 32\par
 \par
These points are amassed to gain VMP Levels, each level granting the village an Upgrade Point and various boosts.\par
 \par
WIP\par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\f0\par
}
 